Add support for pacdiff to be able to process pacnew/pacsave files after an update (#11)
Antiz96/arch-update: README.md

### DESCRIPTION

An update notifier/applier for Arch Linux that assists you with important pre/post update tasks and that includes a (.desktop) clickeable icon that can easily be integrated with any DE/WM, dock, status/launch bar or app menu. 
Optionnal support for AUR package updates (through [yay](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/yay) or [paru](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/paru)) and desktop notifications (through [libnotify](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/x86_64/libnotify/)).  

### OPTIONS

If no option is passed, perform the main update function: Check for available updates and print the list of packages available for update, then ask for the user's confirmation to proceed with the installation (`pacman -Syu`).  
It also supports AUR package updates if [yay](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/yay) or [paru](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/paru) is installed.  

> Once the update has been successfully performed, check for pacnew/pacsave files and, if there are, launch `pacdiff` to manage them.  

Author: ```suggestion
Once the update has been successfully performed, check for pacnew/pacsave files and, if there are, offers to launch `pacdiff` to process them.  
```
